Our people have been doing good and right things for a long time, and we have always sacrificed our lives for this right path.
The heaven is always united with justice, and the god is always in the right position.
In other words, the heaven is always on the side of the right person, and the god is always on the side of the right person.
This is the precious belief that we Japanese have inherited from our ancestors.
The sacred place where Masashige Kusunoki was born in the Sakuraino station was also on this right path.
Since ancient times, the great people who have sacrificed their lives for their country have all worked to protect this path.
The decision to destroy the Great Fleet of Russia in the Japan Sea was also made on this right path.
The fact that the Japanese people have been told that they do not want to die, but rather that they want a great path,
and that they have been told that they will die in the martial arts hall of our country for a long time, is also the same idea.
No matter how long a person lives, he cannot live a hundred years.
However, the life of the country is not born with the heaven and earth for tens of millions of years.
It is because the people who are born one by one will progress in the field, changing from one generation to another.
Therefore, we must firmly hold on to the fact that this country will be a beacon and a beacon for the people who work together with their parents and their loved ones.
Everyone is now small, but ten years later, we must work to protect this great Japanese country.
At the age of 11, Masatsura, who was separated from his father, broke the enemy at the age of 23 and left a great warrior, Kosei Nina.
Everyone, our seniors, sacrificed their hearts for the emperor, and when they refused, they worked with their lives in vain,
thinking carefully about the reason why they realized the cause of the great Japanese country's today's prosperity.
Also, in today's important period, those who do the right and do the right things must believe that they will win,
and work hard and work hard to become a good person for the future of the country.